 What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?


    When you initialize a repository you are setting up the git filing system
    that allows git to handle your commits and branches etc... You need to do
    this because you only want git repositories in folders that contain projects
    that you would like to track using git version control.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the
repository? What value do you think it offers?


    This allows you to think through how you are going to logically separate
    commits so that you can make simpler changes.
    The staging area is different than the working directory and the repository
    because it is taking files from the working directory and setting them up
    to be committed to the repository.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical
change?

    The staging area allows you to specify which files you want to update during
    that commit so you dont update all the files at once which could make things
    challenging when searching for bugs in the program.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history
organized? How would branches help?

    Branches would be helpful when I am wanting different versions of the same
    program or if I wanted features tested. Branches allow you to unalter the
    other branches while testing things out so you dont have to fear about
    breaking your code when trying out several things at once.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

    Diagrams allow you to easily see which commits have parents and also to see
    which commits are inaccessible from any branch.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in
the diagram the way we do?

    Merging two branches together will combine the changes, additions and
    subtractions from the original. The diagrams are used so that we can
    see the parents of the merged files and what will be shown in git log.

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges
manually?

    Pros of Git's automatic merging is that most of the merges occur by a
    simple command because git will keep track of what changes are made and
    you do not have to find them yourselves. The cons are the fact that
    git cannot always understand what to keep from each of the files. This
    makes it necessary to resolve conflicts and understand what changes to keep
    and how they will affect the program.
